Discussion Questions



Runtime:

1) The workload is the number of animal crackers in the box. You must check all
    of them to determine whether or not an elephant exists. Doubling the load
    doubles the time needed to complete the work.

2)
    O(1)            fastest
    O(logn)
    O(n)
    O(nlogn)
    O(n^2)
    O(2^n)          slowest




Stacks and Queues:

1.1) Stack - pallets are not unique so there is no reason to require the first one
    in to be the last one out as any will do.

1.2) Queue - beer is carbonated and must be sealed to retain the carbonation, so
    it cannot wait. Beers should be capped in the order they are carbonated so
    that the oldest ones aren't waiting to be capped while they fizzle out.

1.3) Stack - can help keep parenthesis balanced and retain order of operations,
    whereas a queue wouldn't be able to account for order of operations.

2.1) Any line - bathroom, airport security, ordering food, printing

2.2) Any inventory - grocery store, or any food related inventory especially

3.1) Function call stack, browser back/forward stacks or the undo/redo buttons

3.2) Company layoffs - this is a little bit of a stretch, but obviously my boss
    went in before me and I came out before him




Linked Lists:

1) The nodes are the complete boxes (LLIST/head, "Apple"/next, "Berry"/next,
    "Cherry"/next). The data for the apple node is the string "Apple", the data
    for the berry node is the string "Berry"and the data for the cherry node is
    the string "Cherry". The first node is the head, the node with LLIST and
    head. The tail would be the node with "Cherry"/next, although it is only a
    tail in context as it's not actually defined as a tail, but it is the last element in the list and it's next attribute points to None.

2) A doubly-linked list would require the use of nodes that have a previous
    attribute on them, as well as a data and a next attribute, so that it can
    retain a reference to the node that precedes it as well as to the node that
    follows it.

3) To append to a linked list, you must add a node at the end of the list. With
    a linked list, this means you must still traverse through the entire list,
    but if you keep track of the tail, the reference to the tail can be used to
    append an element directly instead of needing to find the end of the entire
    list to identify the tail.



Trees:

1)  food
    Italian
    Indian
    Mexican
    lasagna
    pizza
    tikka masala
    saag
    burritos

2)  food
    Mexican
    enchiladas
    tacos
    burritos
    Indian
    saag
    tikka masala
    Italian
    pizza
    Sicilian
    New York-style
    Chicago-style

3) A binary search tree is different than other trees in that the elements must
    either have a natural order or they must be given order, so that any nodes
    to the left of the root node will be of lower order than the root and any
    node to the right of the root node will be of higher order than the root.